Terelu Campos' salary is leaked on
Spanish television and the money Well,
better said, the money she would be
earning on Jae's show Cantis
Sanos Mañaneros I know what Terelu earned
on Mañaneros and you're going to be shaking
I pay Terelu then in some
way But come on part of your salary goes
to Terel Of course Spain well it's a
bit of a perverse vision
But honey what do you think I understand
perfectly that she wouldn't want to go with
these people on YouTube who are charging
150 bucks a day and the fact is that Terelu would be
earning 3000 per show much more
than Lidia Lozano and Chelo García Cortés
who supposedly would be earning 400
a day this eh It should be highlighted eh I
mean this is public money what the
hell eh man we live in a country that is
a joke